{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 \fmodern Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel0 \b \fs36 Chiaten Wang\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Email}: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:chiatzen.wang@mail.utoronto.ca"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
chiatzen.wang@mail.utoronto.ca
}}}
\line {\b Phone}: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel:+quit:+1+647+325+8620"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
(647) 325-8620
}}}
\line {\b Github}: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/ChiatzenW"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
chiatzenW
}}}
\line {\b Portfolio Site:} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "chiatzenw.github.io/portfolio/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
chiatzenw.github.io/portfolio/
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Education\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2020-present\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Bachelor of Science}; University of Toronro\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab University College | GPA:3.90\line Specialist in Computer Science\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Awards:}\line Archibald Macmurchy Memorial Scholarship, 2020\line Dean\u8217's List, 2020\line University College Special In-Course Scholarship, 2021\line Dean\u8217's List, 2021\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Technical Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Sample Projects\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/ChiatzenW/pinnedItems_to_mui_cards"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
pinned-item-to-mui-cards
}}}
:} Javascript script that generates material ui cards from pinned items on Github page. Demonstrates skills with React, Material UI, and Github API(GraphQL).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/ChiatzenW/what-did-schiller-say"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
what-did-schiller-say
}}}
} A webapp hosted on Heroku that given a string will search for its occurrences in Schiller\u8217's {\i The Robber}, parsed and stored in SQL database from Project Gutenberg. Demonstrates skills with SQL and web hosting with heroku.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/ChiatzenW/random-chinese-character-generater"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
random-chinese-character-generator
}}}
} A webapp that displayss a random chinese character when a button is pressed. Frontend written in html, backend is written in python and hosted by Amazon lambda.\line Demonstrates skills with python, html and Amazon lambda.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%5B"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
youtube-music-player
}}}
](https://github.com/ChiatzenW/Youtube-music-player)} A widget that takes in a string and downloads and play the first search result on Youtube. Written in python with Kivy graphic library. Demonstrates skills with UI designing and audio controlling with Kivy.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Skills\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Languages:} Python, java, javascript, lua, C, C++, Shellscript\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Graphic Libraries:} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://love2d.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Love
}}}
, pygame, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://kivy.org/#home"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Kivy
}}}
, CanvasJS\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Others:} Socket.io, GraphQL, Spring framework, CSS, Markdown, web hosting with heroku, Amazon lambda, sever hosting,material-ui design with javascript and react, experience with Android development.\line Basic knowledge of Linux administration, Pascal and common Lisp.\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
}
